Problem statement

Due to COVID-19, the district administration of Cachar, Assam has setup a quarantine facility at NIT Silchar.
The quarantine facility at NIT Silchar can accommodate a maximum of 500 people.
As per the district administration, only the flight bound male-passengers without any accompanying children 
arriving at Silchar airport will likely to be quarantined for 14 days.
Each quarantined person will be allotted a single room for his stay at the quarantine centre for the said period. All the rooms in the quarantined centre are single occupancy and the rooms are numbered from 89 to 411. Once the quarantined period is over, a quarantined person(s) are discharged from the quarantine centre after vacating his room. 
So, the figure of occupied roomskeeps on changing after a certain period of time.
Subject to the availability of rooms in the quarantine centre, district administration allows a limited no. of passengers to the said facility. 
So, each day a limited no. of passengers are directed to the quarantine facility at NIT Silchar.
The nodal officer who administers the quarantine centre has to keep tract of the records of the quarantined persons 
like the name of the person, address, age, arrival date, coming from, going to, allotted Room no, discharged date etc.
As of now, all the information are maintained in a ledger. 
The nodal officer approached the Dept. of CSE with a request to help him by providing him with a piece of code/software 
so that the records of the quarantined persons can be stored properly and accessed efficiently.
In this mini-project, as electrical engineers who have the knowledge of programming and data structure are required
to provide the solution in the form of code/software. The following information may be seen before addressing this issue.

i. First of all decide a suitable data structure/container wherein you can store the detailed information about the quarantined persons

ii. Select a suitable sorting algorithm to sort the names of the persons might be based on room no’s whose running time is not O(n). Try to ignore the space complexity.

iii. Select a suitable searching algorithm to search the record of a person whose running time is not O(n). Try to ignore the space complexity.

iv. Your code/software should provide the list of vacant rooms as well as occupied rooms in the quarantine centre. Time to time this information may be provided to the district administration for favour of their information.

v. Please do not provide solutions to the above problem from the database point of view but you are encouraged to provide solutions from programming and data structure.

vi. The implementation should be in C/C++ only.

vii. You can take suitable assumptions, if required. Assumptions should
be reflected in the project report
